clarify searchable attributes docs (#429)
temporalio/documentation: docs/go/search-apis.md

## Overview

> The [Go SDK Client](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk/client#Client) offers APIs for instrumenting Workflows with additional data that can later be searched via the Web UI.

Reviewer: Search is also available via the SDK through the List APIs:
https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-go/blob/6580cbe0aa41a8b515791f95c2c15bb37db1dab1/client/client.go#L241

> By default, Temporal already adds [a host of default attributes](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/server/workflow-search/#search-attributes) that you can use, but these are agnostic of use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many [search attributes](/docs/server/workflow-search/#search-attributes) that are added to Workflow Executions by default.
```

> However, you may wish to augment these with your own domain specific data, such as `customerId`. This can be used for tagging workflows or exposing important custom searchable attributes for later querying (useful for debugging or support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is possible to add your own search attributes (e.g. `customerId`).
```
